Update 9 (#65)
Esri/indoor-routing-xamarin: README.md

4. ```git merge upstream/master``` to sync your local `master` branch with `upstream/master`. **Note**: Your local changes will be retained and your fork's master branch will be in sync with the upstream repository.

## Requirements
* [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET 100.9 or higher](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/)
* [XCode 11 or higher](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)

>     * App supports iOS 12 and above, but requires the iOS 13 SDK to build. Because ArcGIS Runtime uses [Metal](https://developer.apple.com/metal/), you will not be able to test the app on iOS 12 simulator.

Reviewer: Adding this requirement stating only that the app won't simulate using iOS 12 simulator is fine, though if you want to keep it this way I would add another line that mentions the min macOS requirement is Catalina. This is because Mojave won't run metal in any iOS simulator.

## Requirements
* [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET 100.9 or higher](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/)
* [XCode 11 or higher](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)

>     * App supports iOS 12 and above, but requires the iOS 13 SDK to build. Because ArcGIS Runtime uses [Metal](https://developer.apple.com/metal/), you will not be able to test the app on iOS 12 simulator or on any simulator on versions of macOS prior to Catalina.

Reviewer: I would suggest mentioning what is required of the user rather than what isn't supported. Perhaps something like,

```suggestion
    * App supports a minimum deployment target of iOS 12 but requires the iOS 13 SDK to build. Note, because ArcGIS Runtime uses [Metal](https://developer.apple.com/metal/), if you want to simulate the app using an iOS simulator you must be running, at minimum, macOS Catalina and iOS 13.
```
